Let's find out if it's known for love.
Oops. Looks like I've walked into the wrong time.
Oh, my sister and brother-in-law are so lovey-dovey.
I guess I don't stand a chance.
Hello, Caroline.
This ring is stunning.
I know. Thank you.
Charlotte, your makeup's mine.
Here, let me help you.
I'm sorry I didn't mean to.
You obviously meant to, Caroline.
The wedding's in ten minutes.
Listen, don't worry. I'm gonna go get a new wedding dress from the store down the street.
I could have told him that somebody paid the store owner to close the store early today.
Aaron will never find a new dress in ten minutes.
What exactly are you doing here, Caroline?
Listen, sister.
I'm supposed to marry Aaron.
I know you don't even want to marry him.